Book: Update QObjects chapter to v0.4 (#320)
KDAB/cxx-qt: book/src/qobject/cpp_object.md

The C++ object will defer any property state to the Rust struct, and is therefore only a thin wrapper.
This means that any `Q_PROPERTY`s data is stored in the Rust struct and that the getters and setters will modify the Rust struct internally.

Furthermore, CXX-Qt generates functions on this struct that help you interact with Qt functionality.
This includes access to the [`CxxQtThread` struct](./cxxqtthread.md), as well as a function to emit signals.

## Referencing another QObject

The `qobject::T` type is defined both within the CXX-Qt bridge, as well as the surrounding module.
The simplest way is to reference it from the surrounding module.

Example:
``` rust,ignore,noplayground
// In file qt_types.rs
#[cxx_qt::bridge]
mod ffi {
  #[cxx_qt::qobject]
  #[derive(Default)]
  pub struct MyObject {}
}
```

``` rust,ignore,noplayground
// In another module
fn my_function(parameter: &crate::qt_types::qobject::MyObject) { /* ... */ }
```

Unfortunately, nested QObjects aren't yet supported by CXX-Qt.
Progress can be tracked in [#299](https://github.com/KDAB/cxx-qt/issues/299).

## `impl qobject::T`
As mentioned before, the C++ QObject is exposed to Rust as an opaque CXX type.

> A side-effect of this is that you can actually extend this type with your own functionality by using normal `impl` blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows you to implement methods for it in Rust using normal `impl` blocks.
```

Author: Done

Because `qobject::T` is an opaque C++ type, the same rules as with normal CXX opaque types apply.
Most importantly this means that the type may never be accessed by value or by mutable self reference directly.
Rather, all methods must use either `&self` or `self: Pin<&mut Self>` as the self types.

For more information about pinning, see: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/pin/

In addition to methods that extend the Rust interface of a `qobject::T`, you may also mark methods within an `impl qobject::T` block with the `#[qinvokable]` attribute.
These methods will then be exposed to the C++ QObject and can then be called by C++ or QML.

> See the [QObject page](./qobject_struct.md#invokables) for more details.

Reviewer: Are non-invokable methods not available to be called from C++ code?

Author: No, currently not.
We've considered adding this feature at some point, but it's unclear what the use case of "callable" from C++, but not QML is.
Possibly useful if the type isn't QML compatible :thinking:

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/KDAB/cxx-qt/issues/298 / https://github.com/KDAB/cxx-qt/discussions/279 

It's also potentially from an API point of view that wants to only expose certain methods to QML and certain methods to C++.

## Available Functions

Every `qobject::T` struct provides the following methods:

### Access to the Qt thread
``` rust
fn qt_thread(&self) -> UniquePtr<CxxQtThread>
```

> This function provides you with a handle to the Qt thread the QObject resides in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function provides you with a handle to the Qt thread that the QObject resides in.
```

This is helpful as the QObject itself is neither Send, nor Sync.
The CxxQtThread however is Send and can therefore be moved into a different thread.
By using the `queue` function on the CxxQtThread, you may then queue a Rust lambda onto the Qt thread again.
The lambda also takes a pinned mutable reference to the QObject, so that it can modify it.

See the [CxxQtThread page](./cxxqtthread.md) for more details.

### Signal emission
``` rust
fn emit(self: Pin<&mut Self>, signal: /*Your Signals enum goes here*/)
```
If there is a [Signals enum](./signals_enum.md) defined, CXX-Qt will generate the appropriate `emit` function to allow you to emit signals.

See the [Signals enum page](./signals_enum.md) for more details.

> ### Access to internal Rust struct

Reviewer 2: Should this section mention the helpers like `set_property` and the `set_field` (for non properties?) (and prop/prop_mut etc). As a field that is not a property has a safe `field_mut` whereas the property one is unsafe etc. And should this link to the qobject_struct page.

Author: I've added links to the properties, as well as "private fields & methods" sections.
